[Music]
[Music
] [
Music]
[Applause]
March 2nd
Yo
Can you
[Music]
really
[Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
Okay family I'll cut it short because
we're going to get excerpts we're going to
get excerpts we're going to get
excerpts we're going to get excerpts okay
while people are coming in I'm going to
get some excerpts for TVs for SEO
too
[Music]
And I would like to make one
thing clear that the 8 minute videos Well
maybe I haven't been able to go into more
detail so I would like to explain
this and make it very clear because Hey, it
could be a pretty
powerful move that we see in the next few days
by Gloria Camila, her father and her
lawyer
because yes, I think that behind
this whole plot of the complaint, the false documents, the
document forgery and so on,
I think that being here is not
clearly behind that the complaint is filed by
Gloria Camila Yes, but that she is behind
the father or  the father's interests
are very clear to me okay, so to me there
is no doubt
at all. By the way, let's not forget
that yesterday I came across this fuchsia, she
says, will you forgive me, well, that's what it's supposed to say,
okay. I'll translate it into
Spanish, will you forgive me? I'll remove the
audio, I'll remove the audio, I can imagine
because I'm not going to listen, I'm not
going to listen, I
mean, literally, I'm not going to listen. Why listen to the truth, I'm not going to listen? I don't want you to prove anything to me. This is the image of a lawyer. My lawyer has more presence and I answer him, I mean, they're messing with the presence of a man who's
quietly on YouTube with a colleague,
chatting, no, and I answer him, yes, but
that lawyer wins all his trials against
Rosito.
The alerts don't work. Well, why do
n't they work? No, there's no one
sending anything yet, okay, she's gone crazy, she's gone
crazy with me, this fuchsia and she
said, are you up for a debate with me? And you'll
tell me, and I told her of
course. So at any moment, the
same thing will appear in any.
at any moment the same thing and it appears I
hope not Let's see I want to I want
to deal extensively and
deeply with one thing Cristian
thank you very much a kiss welcome
friend welcome welcome Thank you for
becoming a member I want to comment on a
thing And it's that in its day they crushed me in its day they crushed me
in the chat and on
Twitter and everywhere in the videos
that I uploaded For this okay they crushed me And it's
that
well First I want to make one
thing clear okay This is not an I'm not
criticizing seeing domenet in this video
okay neither will we nor does it cross my
mind because this is not a criticism to
see what I'm criticizing and what
I'm pointing out is the strategy not
only judicial but media that
these people have had and seeing has done
its job perfectly and has brought
exclusives and super
privileged information And also that you will see it
because in the end it has been shown that yes
the complaint existed the only thing that
happens is that they have not admitted it for processing
but that the complaint existed and that the
information that they were giving to see
was what they were giving him okay what
yes In  My personal opinion is that they have
used it as a media weapon, okay, they
have used it by leaking the information
that they wanted to be leaked to the
media because they already knew that the complaint was
not having
the reception and the result that they
expected, okay, here it is very simple what
happens is that according to these people there was
a document, there was a paper, a
manuscript by Rocio Jurado that said that
Ortega Cano hit her, that every
morning he hit her, it's
eight in the morning and he has already hit me,
no, then it turns out that no, he doesn't
say that but well, now we see it. The
move is that Ortega Cano and Gloria
Camila, the strategy they choose to
deny this in some way or to
defend themselves from this in some way is to
file a complaint for a false document,
for falsifying a document and for, of
course, since Rocio Carrasco handed this document over
to the
court for document forgery because
you cannot lie to a court, you
cannot, for example, file a
false complaint, you cannot file, you cannot
submit false reports,
false screenshots, anyway, a
thousand  things not what is happening that
complaint from the very beginning from
the very beginning They know
perfectly well
that the complaint is not being
admitted for processing Okay and they have known it
from the very beginning from the
very first moment it turns out that they
have this that this belongs to the
first instance and if you see what it says it
is the following the complaint origin of the
present case was formulated by Gloria
Camila Ortega Mohedano against Rocío
Carrasco Mohedano sister of the
complainant for adoption based on the
facts related therein and
which are embodied in the crimes of
falsification of a private document provided for
in article 395 of the Penal Code and
presentation of a false document in a
judicial proceeding which I believe would be
procedural fraud But well
article 396 of the penal code
And now it turns out that this complaint
cannot be admitted for processing
because according to article 103 of the
criminal procedure law it establishes
that criminal actions may not be brought
against
spouses except for a false crime or
misdemeanor  eat unless for a crime or misdemeanor
committed by one against the other, the
person of the other or that of their children and for
the crime of bigamy and the ascendants,
descendants and brother by nature,
by adoption or by affinity except for a
crime or misdemeanor committed by one
against the person of the other okay
what does
a second want black background spectators
black background What does this mean in
more vulgar language what it means
is that between siblings you cannot file
a complaint for the reasons that
Gloria Camila is putting it on her
sister okay it is a document that
involves the mother And in this case since they
are sisters Well, for some reason that does
n't seem very logical to me but the law
establishes it that way they will have their reasons between
siblings they cannot file a complaint what
I think could be one of the
next steps because I understand that
Ortega Cano Yes, he could file a complaint
And if the document, he is completely
sure that it is false, he should do it In
fact, no, I don't know why, well,
Gloria Camila did it Because she is the one who
was involved in the
judicial process against her sister to stop
the second docuseries But
what is it  they
should do now Well, I should avoid
here not wanting to get along with Rocío Carrasco
because I understand that he can be
the father, he can be aware that
this document has been delivered and he
can be aware that these are
delivered, a player of what is stated in
that article no And he can be aware of
all the expert reports and so on that the
daughter has done, entrusting it to a very
prestigious appetite, he will not
do it or he will not do it, we will see, he will do it
or he will not do it but the move that I
maintained from the first day and there are a
lot of clicks of mine on this subject and
people throwing me and people
insulting me, it's worth the move It's that
from the first moment,
seeing that Rocío Carrasco had not
received it because Rocío Carrasco
said on television that
nothing had reached her,
other people maintained that yes, that she did
know And they were playing dumb, I don't
know what it is, no, Rocío Carrasco had not
received anything, you can file a
criminal complaint, I know of several cases
in which there are people who have denounced
another person
And if the complaint has not been taken  to
process the other party doesn't have to
know about it okay And then outside another of
the things that I was defending four
months ago was that it smelled to me that this
complaint had not been admitted for
processing because when they were giving
so many details when seeing Look
[Music]
exclusive Ortega Cano files a
criminal complaint against Rocío Carrasco for falsifying
Rocío Jurado's handwriting
who is there exclusive who is behind
the criminal complaint against Rocío Carrasco the
final twist of the script
the details exclusives this was the
calligraphic report that originated the
criminal complaint against Rocío Carrasco
okay Then he had the move that he had
okay with the program and so on because what they
did was treat it as if he were not a
professional and he did his job
wonderfully
I insist eh Please I want it to
be very clear that I do not want any
confusion with Albert who when I see him I
adore okay I am not criticizing seeing
if all this information reaches me
of course I also give it
exclusively Because in my work okay I
am criticizing that the same thing that  Rocio
Carrasco has used the
television factory and its weapons here in this Ortega
meat Gloria Camila
judicially advised have used to
see so that they give diffusion to all this I mean
when you are giving to a
journalist
or to the press not so that it is released on
YouTube so that the media takes out the
information of a judicial expert report with
so much detail
and I said this from the first day it is
because you are Clear that this in
court will not take place
Look at seeing never said at any
time that it had been admitted for
processing but that it had been what they
said was that it had been admitted to
the court or in other words as if they had
delivered it to the court that it was put
okay but there were already several things Okay
and now we are going to listen to a piece there was it is
not almost a this court then the
other thing is not that it has been admitted but it has not
been admitted because there is a little error
because there is a move because there is an error
of errors an error in processing a
move okay look
okay What happens is that people want to
know does this mean that it has been
admitted I am
going to answer the chat Javi  You will
agree that when Rocio Carrasco on
a program that had not reached her Javi
You will agree that when Rocio
Carrasco said on a program that she had not
received a very brave complaint
against him yesterday reading confirmed that it
was a complaint what has been confirmed
is that the complaint existed as she
said when seeing and the expert report and everything exists
but when Rocio Carrasco said that it had
not reached her it is the truth it had
not reached her
if I file a complaint right now
Karime and they do not admit it to me for processing
Karime will not receive it and Karime has no
reason to know that I have filed a
complaint if nobody says it
surely Rocio Carrasco if the form
exactly Montse but it is what I
said the forms the form they had
with Albert no
the complaint exists the information that he
gave when seeing
the information that he gave when seeing is what it
is but they gave it to him they
leaked it and they gave it to him so that
he would give it because they already
knew that they were not going to admit it
for processing Listen to this  Sincerely, okay,
okay. What happens is that people want to
know. This means that it has been
admitted for processing. Well, today we clear up any
doubts. Okay,
but this information is
not normally given to you because all of
this is part of a legal process.
And the other lawyers for Carrasco
are keeping quiet, like, Authentic. There,
Rocio Carrasco's lawyers are keeping
quiet because it is a process that they do not have to
give
details. First of all, they only give
details of what interests them, but
secondly, because it has not reached them, it has
not reached them. The other thing that you
can do is
as a lawyer, okay, Rocio Carrasco could have
told her lawyer or her lawyer
to appear in
person in the case to see what it is that they
have presented to her.
They can see. Hey, is there a case
here against me? Yes. Look, you have a
criminal case here. And then when you get involved, you
can find out about the complaint that they
are filing against you. If it has not reached you, but
in that case, you would be considering yourself
notified, you would be personalizing the
case. So you don't have to do it.
You wait for the preliminary proceedings. And if it does
reach you, then they will defend you.  Okay, but
what Rocío Carrasco said was true,
she had no knowledge
of the criminal cases. First, there is a
preliminary diligence, which is carried out in
secret.
Okay, no, that cannot be leaked to the
press. You can leak whatever you
want to the press. But in the end,
the judges don't like that. Okay, and then,
once the proceedings are in progress and there is a
trial date, then yes, but
when, when you are giving it to be
reported in the press on YouTube. No, well,
look, the expert has examined this,
examined the other, that is, he has read it.
People on YouTube knew about the expert report
before the judge.
That was not admitted for processing and he knew
that they were not only admitting it. And we're
waiting, of course,
by the way,
three calls, no response. Yes, he'll
call you when it suits him. Okay, I'm saying this
for those knowledgeable and smart people. The
same thing that Trevoye is doing now
with him, now he's putting it off and
seeing how he has come out in the last live shows
and in the last few weeks to say that they
are putting him off. You're also
saying that a good journalist
compares the news
with the news. We're
already assuming that  They only answer the
phone of the framed as a result of the
complaint is being
processed and after several
procedural incidents it is awaiting the issuance of a
final judicial resolution
given the generic confidentiality that extends
to all preliminary proceedings, this
lawyer for reasons of
procedural prudence cannot and should not transfer more
procedural data and I hope that you, as a
good journalist that you are, I understand it, it is worth
taking a look at the contradiction,
that is, he is telling you, he is telling you,
the lawyer is telling you that he
cannot give you more details of the process. In other words,
the only thing he is asking you is it in the
process or not, it is very
simple, no, they have not admitted it for
processing and I am appealing, but
nevertheless, if you tell him the reason for the
complaint, the document that I presented,
all the details of the expert report, of course,
here this lawyer is leaking to the
press, also as Rocío Carrasco does, she is
leaking the information that
interests him because at that time he
already had this, this, he
already had this
that I just read, he already had this,
this is a first instance case,
he already had it what  was this is this they give it to you
Look, in addition it says
in this one it says look
this one which is the last one the last order
okay which is the one that says the reading we
dismiss the appeal
filed by the
legal representation of Gloria Camila Ortega
Mohedano against the order of January 26,
2023 of the court such and such okay okay on January 26 there
is an order
with the possibility of appeal that is
dismissing other appeals okay
What appeal is being dismissed
on June 27, 2022
on June 27, 2022 on
June 27, 2022 they already knew that they
were not admitting the complaint for
processing Hey, maybe they could have
admitted it here in January or now
at the end of March but he doesn't call
having these reasons
having these reasons that the
criminal procedure law establishes the
lawyer starts giving him information in
November Albert knowing that they are
not going to admit the complaint for
processing and the same thing I tell you with Rocío
Carrasco and the case of
gender violence Here I have to be fair also
the lawyer used the press
so that the expert report would be known and such
so that people would already sow the hard
since the document was false
Johnny stop being so heavy in the [ __ ]
chat please you have told me 27 times
that you watch Albert's video that I don't care that I have
seen it now we are going to
put some pieces he explains everything
clearly with lawyer Johnny that I don't give
a [ __ ] what he explained today that I have already
read it that has nothing to
do with what I am telling you man if
you don't like the information This
is the truth
the information is what it is in June they already
knew that the complaint would not be admitted
for processing and in November they used
Albert so that the content of the
complaint would be known to the media
and at least even if they did not get
justice
know a little bit about media
and social justice
is exactly the same thing that
Rocío Carrasco has done with the issue of
gender violence
Exactly the same
when they know that legally they have no
chance she
puts it
mediatically and now people, well, people are already judging. Ah well, the expert said this, that the document was false, definitely the document was false, I don't know what, I don't know how much, whoever wants to understand it, let them understand it and I'm not going to tell you, he doesn't have one foot in
jail. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is how it is.
Hey, now art from here ca
n't report it. Yes, exactly,
but in June
they already knew that the complaint was not
admitted because it goes against the
criminal procedure law. They
contacted Albert and
used him at least to spread the
media that there was a complaint.
You know, they're already sowing the shadow of doubt.
This is what there is, okay.
This is what there is,
I understand it perfectly. I
understand it perfectly, it
is pending the issuance of a
final judicial resolution. Okay, it's a
mild way of saying it, but the real phrase was, they
have not rejected it, they have not
admitted it for processing and we are appealing.
But we know very well that the appeal is going to be
negative because the
criminal procedure law tells you this. I
mean, since June they know that they will not
admit it.  process
since June, he knows that they will not admit it for
processing, what was Javier Oliveira saying? It is
put on June 13th, we are talking
about November 8th,
on the one hand, in other words,
the complaint is filed on June 13th, we are talking about
June 27th,
in just
two weeks they
already tell him no,
two weeks later,
two weeks after filing the complaint, he
already said no.
Now then it turns out that the lawyer has
said around there that no, that there was a failure
by the defendant, I don't know what move, and that
they are like appealing something
and then it turns out that
the details of the complaint and the
report are known, the calligraphic report is known
on YouTube before their own, for me I am
not mistaken, okay, I hope you are wrong,
well, I hope
the people in the chat, I hope you are wrong,
as if the complaint were hers, they
told her here with Matamoros too, that
is the key, for me, the day, okay. And from
here I want you to save it and please save it
and write it down for me on
WhatsApp to remind me when it comes out  the
news that there is a trial is
worth it because for me adding one plus one the
result that I get is that this
complaint has not been admitted
but what I get is and nobody is
going to give me a kiss from the donkey Sony
is that as of today November 8th that
complaint has not been admitted that then
something else comes out but for me right now
and I have many intentions what
I get is that the lawyer is
starting to make the public through
the press using
his work perfectly contracting the
information and everything perfect
from the first day always clarifying that
because people jump on me
as if I were against Albert
and when I see It's that I really adore him or
rather but it's that I knew him in person
and he's a Charm and apart from that he's a
professional as good as a pine tree if
I'm not questioning his
information or his such I
mean people are idiots or rather here the
fashion to gain visits this week
when Rocío Carrasco and Jorge Javier Hey
editor of the vanguard I don't know what I
mean if I support her in the ways they
had against him but here it was let's see
there's a  complaint Rosita there is a complaint
the false document gentlemen are not
involved in paperwork
I also believe it the course I am
disgusting true when I am right eh I am
disgusting but it makes me very angry
me me me me me me it makes me
incredibly angry that I am saying something
super logical and people are telling me
stupid things really you shut up you
are not a lawyer Let the journalists
work it's like but man shut
the [ __ ] up but if it is that he is
telling you some things that they are
pointing out to you since he did not transmit to procedure
if they are telling you that you
are not involved in procedure
but if it is that he is simply telling you
in detail that a journalist
has the complete expert report and
then people would jump on me in the
comments no who told you that they
have the report who told you that they have
the report Well, I don't care
if he has it on paper if he has it by
email or if they have told him by
phone The thing is that when you see this
video he is giving you the details
call him here the thumbnail the
details  and he is and he is dictating to you and
he is breaking down the expert report to you,
in other words, at the moment that a journalist
has the report before the judge. That
's because it hasn't been admitted for
processing and I've been saying this since
November, man,
if they're giving you the report, Albert, it's because they haven't admitted
it for processing but not
that not only have they not
admitted it for processing but they don't see any
possibility of admitting it if you think
you have a chance. You don't say
anything You keep quiet so as not to harm the
process. So it
turns out that Albert is now
handling new information, which
is the following:
this was done, as we already announced here,
through a calligraphic report that was
done by an expert, not that I also emphasize
an expert
with 17 undoubted documents, you already know
that undoubted documents are those that there is no
doubt that they
belong to the handwriting of Rocío Jurado.
That
both Gloria Camila and her defense obtained
through different channels and after
a month of exhaustive analysis, this
professional of proven solvency
According to what many sources tell me, it was determined
that the handwriting was not Rocío Jurado's.
Okay,
we looked at the report and the report is
quite reliable, in fact, okay. I think
that the report is quite,
let's call it reliable. Okay, well,
of course, until they condemn the
other party, they are innocent, okay, but they
based it on the way, the speed,
the direction, a lot of things, the
pressure, not even the pressure, that was what they couldn't
base it on, I think it was there was a point on
which they couldn't base it. What I can
also tell you today is that the phrase it's
eight in the morning and I've received the
first blow. It
's eight in the morning and I've already
received the first blow. That phrase
is not in this document.
I'm
also telling you here to be careful
because I don't trust it anymore. No, not for nothing, but
because it seems very risky to me.
I know that, for example, in Sálvame, they don't give a
damn about complaints, lawsuits,
defamation, and so on. No, but Rosito will
go if she's well advised, okay, Rosito
knows very well who can sue her.
Who doesn't?  if you can grab for example
the retorquende mood to the mood of fendy
within the context in which they are okay
if they are talking about that
phrase being on paper and it is not
maybe it is not there
literally what do I mean by this This
is an imagination that I am
proposing maybe in a few
months it will come out and I am not right
okay maybe in a few months it will come out and I am not right
I get the feeling
that it says something similar
that could imply this
Javi Iván also said that that phrase was not there it
gives me the feeling that it is not there
literally let
me explain or there is no need for me to
explain it to me it gives the feeling that there
is something
Imagine that instead of saying it is 8 in
the morning and I have already received the first
slap Maybe it says it is 8:15 in
slap I don't know I don't know I don't know
or maybe it says something that doesn't even
look like it literally but it implies
something similar to that I could be wrong
I insist I am not telling you  nothing because
I don't have the document and I'm not saying that I should
put it okay But
when they have said it
or here I am faced with two options
either
Rosito has lied so that someone else would release it I
think that this was released here with
Hernandez Rosito has lied so that someone
else would release it and take the fall another
okay that
could be perfectly
or that he does
n't put the phrase literally
but that he puts the same thing with other
words Or that he puts other things that
can be interpreted like that
but since the case has not been admitted for
processing then we are not going to know
unless someone files another
complaint
okay
and then the last thing I want to comment on
this in this video we move on to the other
okay
and that in this story there are still
many pages to write that from the
start this story that some are
giving up there are still
pages to write what I do
want to advance here to the entire community
are two things two only only two
but so that you leave at least with
something I don't know if I should call it exclusivity But
at least something of your own pay
attention okay because this also has
its crumb eh pay attention because this also  It
has its crumb now I'll explain it to you okay You already
know that here they are
going to ask for it, I'll tell you in advance, it is going to be
made an exact legal term no but the
right to rectification will be used
to the Magazine
the term as is okay right to
rectification
in the in the I think they are the one who will have 10
days to rectify that information
okay It turns out that Gloria Camila is going to
ask the magazine lectura to
rectify the information okay
here we would have the cover okay
devastating judicial sentence Rocío wins
the war against Gloria Camila the daughter of
Ortega Cano wanted to invalidate the threat
secret diary of the juries well
This is a very good strategy on the part
of Gloria Camila and I think that the whole
family
should have started here instead
of instead of something else Okay even
Antonio David could have also
used the right to rectification on
this occasion okay on many occasions in
this and on many occasions I explain to you
okay what refers to what
Gloria Camila refers to is the right to
rectification okay the Organic Law
2/1984 this is something that I myself have
used against some  medium on some
occasion and I have won and that most
likely Gloria Camila
will most likely win And now I'm
going to apply why it is worth the
right to rectification it is a
civil right Okay but it is not it does not work the
same way as the code well that the
civil lawsuits and the
criminal complaints or anything like that okay In
fact it does not cost money unless you
do it with a lawyer no But you can do it
yourself you do not need a lawyer or a
solicitor and it is also much faster
and more efficient than the other procedures okay it
takes very little okay you send the right
to rectification the magazine has I think the
media has seven days or so to
execute it or not and if they do not
execute it you send it to court it does
not cost money or a lawyer or a solicitor
or anything okay
you send it to court And in a matter of
a month, a month and a half, things like that there is a
quick trial in which the judge
decides
if the media is obliged to publish the
rectification or not okay
What is the right to rectification about?
Well, any person
or natural person, any person who
is mentioned in a media outlet
has the right to send that media outlet
a letter with the rectification.
Yes  considers that
what has been written is
false,
eyebrowed
or directly inaccurate or lacks
information, okay, for example,
in this case,
only on the cover,
which would be inaccurate, well, this
information, this is going to be won by Gloria
Camila, okay, save this clip, just like I
told you in the other one, this is going to be
won by Camila. Why is there a
devastating court ruling? There is no
court ruling. There is no
court ruling, it
is an order, first in the first instance,
then in an appeal, then in another. There is
no devastating court ruling.
Rocío wins the war, Gloria Camila, yes.
This could be good.
This could be good, okay,
Ortega Cano's daughter wanted to invalidate the love,
the bitter secret diary of Rocío Jurado,
the same there is no secret diary, there is
no secret diary, okay. And
then we would have to see the inside of the
magazine, which of course I cannot
put on screen, but it is surely
incomplete. I am going to explain why
because the director of the
magazine itself, Yesterday, he already has the desire to lie.
Look, yesterday the director says, to settle
this issue, here is the
court ruling, Gloria Camila's lawsuit
against Rocío Carrasco has  been filed
because there is no crime, not because of a
formal defect, the rest is a lamentable
attempt to defend the indefensible,
this is false, okay, it makes me laugh a lot
because this director of this
magazine, like his colleagues,
yes, yes, they filed the
case of gender violence against Rocío Carrasco against
Antonio David,
Antonio David is not innocent, he is not
innocent nor guilty because it has not been
tried because there has not been a trial, but
if they file it against Gloria
Camila, it is because Rosito is innocent, okay,
and now they publish this part, which is the
resolution
to the appeal, okay,
here they are appealing here, Here they are
appealing to this,
okay, where it is explaining to you that they are not
admitting it for processing, for that same reason,
but what's more, it is that within the
magazine, which I cannot put on
screen, within the magazine it says that
sisters cannot file complaints. So
he knows it and he is lying here, he knows it
and he is lying here, okay,
what is happening is that within
the reading article, Well, there is a lot of
data that is inaccurate,
inside there is a lot of data that is
inaccurate,
like for example, surely the  The
content of the expert report is not included in
the article and that is something
that they can use. Hey, look at
this news since you are going to give it, it
has to be given in full. So it is true
that a complaint is filed that is not
admitted for this, for this, for this, but it
is not a sentence, it is an order, it is a
resolution to this appeal and in addition,
we base ourselves on this expert report, in this expert report,
in this expert report and within
the letter within the manuscript it does not
say this, I am this and this, but rather it says this, this, and
this, and this. So, in
conclusion, surely Gloria
Camila is
going to take it to court. Because
surely next week we are not
going to find ourselves with the rectification
of reading because they are stubborn
until the end,
well, surely Gloria Camila is
going to win this and the reading magazine
is also obliged to publish the
rectification without comments,
without nuances,
and in the same circulation as the
initial news. What does this mean that they will
surely have to put it on a
cover or in an article with the same
circulation, with the same circulation, it means
with the same circulation, okay. So that
movement is going to be very good, that
movement is going to be spectacular,
and I'll leave it there.  that I'm going to
send this to the main page I'm
going to send this to the main page
in another order of things
in another order of things West Cold continues to
sink, I mean, it continues to sink very
badly,
the Doritos company has come out, which
surely everyone knows what
company it is, it's a brand of potato chips, I don't
need to tell you much about
it
in fact, look, I'm not going to make it
public but they've released even now
that I love Burger King
But and I love Doritos too
but they've
released a Doritos burger at
Burger King I don't think that's it, I mean, no, I don't
know the mix, no, I don't think it's very
striking let's leave it there okay, it doesn't seem
very striking to me The thing is that it
seems that this brand has collaborated with
West Cold on a few occasions, I don't know
how many, I don't know if it's a couple of occasions
or something like that And with all this that
came out or the homophobic comments
because they are homophobic comments, I mean,
saying that if they put a gay person next to you, you
shoot him and that you tolerate them, let them
do whatever they want but not
do it next to you As if you were going to
infect him he's homophobic you paint him and you
want to color him any color you
want with your ear okay
The thing that
Doritos has completely disassociated itself from this guy
saying that they will not count on him anymore and
that they will eliminate all the collaborations they
have prior to that okay
Oh okay okay
and there was room to deny that he has
collaborations with this brand that he doesn't
have any contract with them or anything
and it's like Well but if that
has nothing to do with it maybe you don't have
one right now but they're not going to
call you more than crybabies Doritos no
no the brands already explain it many
times the brands are like that I mean the
moment people start pressuring
the brands the brands are like that the brands
wash their hands of it the brands don't
want these problems of homophobia
transphobia I don't know what phobias and so on That's why that's why
save the clip okay I
predict it exactly if one day
people get it because it is not known what
the brands are, I don't think so but if one day
and they will keep it discreet until
the moment of the  until the very Look,
until the very night of the evening we are not
going to know who the brands are that are
collaborating with the evening, do you know
why because because they will know this as
soon as they know Which are the
brands that are collaborating with the evening,
people with all this that has happened with
coscu and so on, people are going to go to the
brands. Hey, you are sponsoring this
and the brands are going to withdraw from the
evening.
So until the very night they will
surely be careful that it is not
known Which are the brands if for whatever reason they are
known
Which are the brands of the evening
and people start to write to the
brands. Hey, look at this, the other thing, the brands
are thrown away, it
has happened with a lot of things in
life, it has happened with Big Brother, it has
happened with very, very, very, very, very, very big things.
San Big Brother,
Big Brother in Spain That was much more
seen than the Ibai evening that you are telling me,
Big Brother in Spain moved a lot, a
lot and it does not move more because
Jorge Javier started to present it and
people do not like it with Jorge Javier
but Big Brother because of the Carlota issue
Prado people started contacting
all the advertisers
boom Hey Telefónica Finn Network I don't know
what And the brands went boom [ __ ]
Big Brother and they had to remove Big
Brother
Big Brother was a successful program in
Spain and they removed it because it was left
without a brand and if there are no advertisers how are
we going to make a program and with the
evening surely what they're going to do
is be careful not to know What
the brands are until the night itself and
we'll see how it is Everything is already there because
it's going to explode that's going to explode
seriously the first thing I want to do
before starting this streaming is to say
the ramblings who I'm not going to upload a
video asking for forgiveness
the ibagué who tell me I think you
should
also upload a video asking for forgiveness because what you are an idiot you stupid you immature kid completely idiot I mean where are you going bro What does this have to do with the other seriously I mean you guys see me repeated every time instead of asking for forgiveness I looked for
lawyers because daddy I don't
retract not even for the [ __ ] we are [ __ ] around I mean to get stubborn  let's
see if I understand No because it
is probably like that not because he is stubborn
in his ego of not asking for forgiveness
what he has done is call
lawyers that the lawyers tell him
In what Yes in what it is not worth it
that now You are going to see the justification
that he makes with the issue of homophobia
I mean the issue of homophobia the
forgiveness that he gives now is pathetic pathetic pathetic
In fact here in Spain I believe that
having made a comment like that would be a
crime eh here in Spain they passed a law
that if you make fun of
trans people if you make fun of
gay people and so on it was punishable I do
n't know how it is there okay But let's go the
excuse that he gives now and the Apology remains
now You are going to freak out okay but I mean he is
only going to advise on what does not
have more balls real gonorrhea I have never
in my life
witnessed such a tearful city ever
daddy I have never in my life seen a
city that cried in such an
exaggerated way like me
literally that law is garbage idiot
carambola well don't say things like that
What do you care about a law that  It's going to
affect you I'm not
progressive at all, in fact I'm the most critical
of Podemos and the allies but I don't give a damn if they
pass a law that's not going to
affect me,
if the law bothers you think about it, why?
Ah, I'm never going to say anything to me, I
tolerate gays but don't
put them next to me, let them do what they want
with their ass but leave mine
alone so they don't hook up
with another man right next to me. Like
he said, no, let me make a hole in it. If you're
not going to say anything like that, you don't give a damn about the
law.
For example, I'm bothered by the law
that reduced the sentence for
rapists and rapists are getting out of jail,
for me that law in particular, I do
n't know, soon, Ibagué is a son of a [ __ ], a
joke that you can see from far away that he was
[ __ ] around. Oh, me. What I like the most and
what fills me the most inside is knowing
that Ibagué is [ __ ], daddy, please
start thinking. Your mom is tough in this
place, that Ibagué thing would be saying, Hey,
look at that  I said it as a joke son I did
n't want to offend anyone
sorry how is
that [ __ ] going to fill a person you
understand bro what a [ __ ] big [ __ ]
Oh daddy it's not that let's see I made the video
just now and because I made the video just
now people think that I'm like
going to change who I am when no
when that has nothing to do with one
thing with the other in fact I'm going to tell him
something I mean we're talking that not a single
media outlet threw me at me the
media threw me at
all the influencers joined newspapers
magazines daddy I even appeared at National
Geographic we were on every
screen
what you said is outrageous I've
never seen anything like this of
this magnitude I've never seen it in my
life daddy I really had never seen one
unless it was not an artist a
singer soon someone like that but daddy
This was an impressive thing So it's
divided into two parts Carlos is
writing to me thank God he left he
wanted to stay here standing waiting for
me to do Stream and he thinks that he's
going to control me and that's what he thinks it's going to be
but that's not going to happen  to happen and
that will never happen do you understand me Hey I've
told you many times I'm going to
continue being what I am I accept
when I'm wrong when I make mistakes
like I did right now but I'm not going to
change my way of being [ __ ]
just to please 1 2 3
[ __ ] [ __ ] who want
me to change Yeah yes you're going to change your way
of being like we all have changed I mean
obviously if I continued being
and thinking the same as when I was I was going to
tell you the 22 that he has but I'm
talking to you now about 34 and 33
I mean if I hadn't matured at all from
30 until now that I'm 37 Hi
Javi greetings I'm a kid here for almost
three years and sorry for the manner if you don't
want to answer don't do it I don't want to
put you in a difficult position but I wanted to see
if you could help me study I'm from
Bolivia again sorry for the manner I
want me to help you study But
what do you want me to do is get a
private tutor and go to your house to
teach you how to add a  kiss king, I hope you
do well on the exam, it's one of the good things that
people say, hide behind what you're from the
neighborhood, it's real daddy. When you're a
person from the neighborhood, most of us
who grow up in the neighborhood, when you're
a person from the neighborhood, you're
used to receiving
criticism since you were little, or insulting the fattest person in the
neighborhood, or insulting the thinnest person in the neighborhood, or if
you insult him or if
this guy, tiki, that's how it's always been in the neighborhood,
and normally,
families in the neighborhood are more relaxed. The
guy leaves at 10 at night, arrives at
4 in the morning as if nothing had happened, they don't
check your notebooks before you go to
school, I'm not talking about everyone, but
it's the case, so okay, but you have to
learn that now you're not in the neighborhood, you
're in the whole world, you have an
open window to the whole world. I mean,
what he's explaining has happened to me, I
understand it perfectly. We've all
made more sexist,
more racist comments that we had
normalized because yes, because we were
raised. Maybe in an environment
where, well, you said them in the comments and
nothing happened, or you can even
continue doing it with your friends and
nothing happens but you have to have it but it's not
just that you have to say it and you
have to learn because you're in the
media you
have to know why it's wrong for you to make
those comments you have to know
why they can't be made and understand it
and empathize with us since we were little we
grew up with less sensitivity than
other people so I'm like good
what Carlos said this time is true
dude I grew up practically without a mom and
without a dad [ __ ] I grew up very alone in
everything so I already come with a
much stronger sensitivity than
other people then people come
from a private condominium with a
beautiful family where they grow up and one says
son of a [ __ ] and the mom is hitting you in
the mouth what did you say you just said
obviously [ __ ] they learn to
be correct people from a young age
So when they see an egg like that
daddy they are going to fall on you So
since I started I know that it is difficult
for a brand to work with me and we
have that very clear and marked so I do
not have any contract zero I do not have contracts they have
not canceled any contract of mine they have
canceled any contract but they are not
going to  to call more on that brand and not
only that of course he is holding on to the
literal fact that right now he does not
have any active contract but let's
see my soul if you collaborated a few
months ago with that company the company comes out and
says Hey well we are not going to count on
him anymore not only is it that the company is not going
to count on you anymore but surely that
tweet that statement is going to be seen by
other companies Pepsi coca-cola fanta
whoever and neither is going to call you
all those who are uploading those
publications that Doritos has already stopped
working with guest son of a [ __ ] I
've been a millionaire for a while now that publicity is not going to give me anything more then that's it if you don't need it I've been a while dude my work is on Twitch daddy He's very happy that doesn't even make half a space for me in the account and
get mad and want I was never doing
this for the money and if I did it for the
money I would be stealing like almost
all the influencers steal and he doesn't have
a single proof of me
this kid has earned so much money in such a
short time so
much so much money he has earned in
such a short time that he doesn't need it anymore  nothing
that's gone look on instagram for my
history They're never going to have proof
of anything I've ever stolen and I've
received offers that means that
money doesn't matter to me it was for a
question that I answered that and The
question was What happens if Daren brings it to
your house Hey my house, people don't see that,
people aren't listening to it,
your house and he starts [ __ ] with Manny if
you hear everything That was the way you
understand That was the way then
these ways are divided here like that, I mean it's
hard to talk about it dude,
well it's still homophobia let's see
at the moment when you're
saying that you tolerate him doing whatever he
wants but not doing it next to
you As you see
Well, you must have said well it would
bother me and I would be uncomfortable hearing
someone [ __ ] in my house and like
if a guy or a girl comes
because I don't want people to come
[ __ ] at my house one thing that you say
that I don't want people to come
[ __ ] at my house and have those who
listen be a guy with you with a girl with a girl
with
a  another different thing Is that you say I
tolerate them to do what they want but
not to do it next to me that I
make some holes in them that I make
more holes I mean he likes holes I
make another hole he said also do
n't
apologize now but daddy I wouldn't even
like Cullen next to me I
heard everything and I wouldn't like them to
put someone in my house that I don't want them to
put in do you understand
this poor guy hasn't understood he didn't
understand anything not santera exactly
before doing this live he should have
advised himself well
and understood And until he
understands not to get into everything everything has a
context dude and that of Why my
answer and now my answer is I
finish it and I put 17 shots in him daddy That's not
true people here when I
said it laughed And why did they laugh because I
talk like that What happens if this guy
gets into the house gonorrhea I make 17 holes in him
with the shotgun don't tell me that I haven't
said things like that daddy I keep
talking like that the [ __ ] was that
confused  words and I put them together
the word lgtbi with that and
God bless you see J H greets you
this boy is a little more daring
than desirable no astonished face between
the jh the other day and this small bout
of antiomos we have a frustrated face
on top of it he mixes things up crazy face it
's more Javi the stutterer has taken
messages from brands that have collaborated
with him previously leaving him aside a
greeting
but a kiss
don't mention anyone here please
okay I do
n't know if him but if it is
Precisely what I'm saying at the
moment that a brand like Dorito comes out
disassociating itself from you then
the others will come out
Simple as that If I yes I am the one
who carries the Pepsi advertisement or the
Pepsi cmd and it comes out
and I see that Coca Cola is putting something
like that I'm not going to take it and I'm going to take note do you
understand Here I have your cap see
number one see
in my heart tell you that God
bless you that I pray for you that I wish you the
best courage come back You are great Never
forget it Greetings you What a blessing
I love you vicious  Welcome Maybe it's because I'm
stuck on the networks J H maybe that was it that you
saw me quite viral
Maybe it's because you're seeing that I'm
breaking the standards,
come on, man, what falsehood there is in
this world of streamers always, I mean,
look at you how the
La Movida movement is, I mean, one that says that being
gay is against God and that they're going to go
to hell
but then nevertheless they're asking
people for money for the photos
[Music]
anyway I'm
not going to get into that movement
again no but now they've fought they were
fighting because wescole laughed well
first they were colleagues
and then after being colleagues
westcoin laughed at him being
killed in the squid game and now
with the virality
jh is going to reach out to do I do
n't know if it's paying his followers I don't
know to look for support basically
because they're both being defamed
Roman Thank you very much
olé olé thank you very much Rey
thank you there's
nothing no problem One
of these days dude I'll invite him to the house
so we both cry on the day
[ __ ] around but thanks jh good pay
attention Colombia because these are the
three news of the day the Doritos brand
canceled West's advertising contract
what a son of a [ __ ] contract you
idiot well informed
[ __ ] you've been making like
12,000 videos and these big [ __ ] inform us I
don't have any son of a [ __ ]
contract with Doritos I don't have any
contract with any brand that means
that they haven't canceled [ __ ] on me and
these [ __ ] spend their time watching
tabloid newspapers that they don't understand [ __ ] the
newspaper man my god
and those insults to this person let's
see kid is the newspaper echoing the
news the newspapers
are echoing what
you've published let's see the newspaper is
elbowing what Doritos has published my god man my
god
son of a [ __ ] loves fame well
Okay and I'm telling you here what's more
we talked to Doritos we're going to
sue [ __ ] because at no
time was a contract terminated
but Dorito hasn't said that the
contract terminated let's see I have
the script here  news
that surely the little train to the weskol
is giving him anxiety face rolling
with laughter face rolling with laughter
come on there That train that has to go far
biceps hands in prayer White a
kiss a kiss
I have the script here Watch an
old video of yours But Javi what a belly
What are you referring to
something good something bad
for this reason we have deleted the
publications that involve him and we
will not count on his services again
For future campaigns I mean you are not going to
sue Doritos Doritos has not said
that I canceled any contract with you or
that I have any contract with you
Doritos what he has said is that he is eliminating
the collaborations he has with you
and that he will not count on you again
without further ado
my goodness but it's that with this less with
this less I mean it doesn't delay you says that
you are a millionaire and that the brands don't I mean
out These are these
are the typical celebrities
who have peaks and then See you later
you know and cough it's an announcement they know how to
manage it dude You don't know how to manage it I mean what
the Dorito brand has done
is the most logical and normal thing of
course  that they are going to
support you in your comments no
what they have done is the most logical
something that daddy is not being criticized
because a brand has to protect its
image what he said is that they were not going to
work with me and that they were no longer going to
have an association with me but I do not
have a contract with them I only made
an advertisement That possibly to
make another one with them you would have to wait
around a year and a half real
well there you have made an advertisement
and they say that they are going to delete it that they are
not going to call you anymore Because they are not
happy with the things that you say
what are you going to do
What are you going to do? I don't have a
contract dude I don't know where they get
that [ __ ]
Uy I haven't heard your voice in a long time
bro I have seen
that you have grown a lot on social networks
I am here happy and enjoying
my life working and everyone
killing themselves for me yes I have seen that tache
what situation no but it is the price of
fame if it is true that you are already earning
like 100 million Colombian pesos
a month
well we survive we survive he says
and people were saying that he earns like
30,000 turkeys a month  see jh how
could we know what he earns let's get
involved
because that's what you do and more than anything it
's not that it's very complicated to know how much
someone earns that's why they normally
deny it and deny it and deny it what would
your Twitch be like jh de la Cruz
Hello churra I hope you're okay la
salseria is becoming my
favorite channel soon it will leave Javier
canijo behind and I don't blame you and I don't blame you But
hey we're not going to leave any we're not going to
leave anything what would
jhh's be literally like How do you
literally spell it on Twitch your account
can you put it for me
listen to me family la salsería while I
wrote it to myself la salsería are you
all subscribed to la salsería look for it
on YouTube it's [ __ ] crazy
look for it on YouTube it's [ __ ] crazy how
handsome that channel is it's
not monetized yes but oh well
I'll try to put members or something
okay I already found it let's
see this channel it
's a blessing
What a blessing What a blessing this channel
has an average of 1600 viewers
how does this brand thing work but I think
that as a result of this many other brands
no longer do it  They will take into account That's
what I think I'm saying literally let's
not forget that the most homophobic are
usually mushrooms that don't accept it
because the convinced mushroom people don't
need to say ugly things to
reaffirm themselves or anything Pizza pineapple banana
spicy chili
children's that in fact
1700 on average with peaks of 4000
and the subscribers are
not
brought Let's see Look if I log in
if I log in you can see you ca
n't
see the subs Logging in
either you can't see them Logging in
either it
's impossible to see what he earns let's see he earns
money he earns pasta and I also tell you to
see YouTube I'm going to watch YouTube
from the dollars to his country but well
I wouldn't know how much but I would
say that
I would say that he doesn't earn more than 4,000 euros
or something like that a month
unless he does collaborations with
brands so I don't know and such with
these numbers I think he will earn 4
5000 3000 Maybe depending on the
months it's worth thank you
there for the support for example
my mom already left me and literally to
support my family too since they
realized that I am homophobic they
already left me  on the other hand
[Music]
no no he himself said out of his own mouth that in the
month of the skips he said he was going to make
more than 100,000 dollars
I've never made 100 thousand dollars man I
mean that man earns with those numbers
more than 100 thousand dollars which can't be I
think it's a lie
I've never ever made 100,000 dollars but let's go not even
a quarter
100 thousand pesos of course it will be
4,000 euros a month in Colombia that's 18
million Colombian pesos that's
too much money Yes yes of course It will be something like that
people donate a lot to him out of pity It will be
something like that eh 3000 4000 dollars more or
less
No yes but obviously he knows that one is
one affecting but well it's normal That
's part of life
and recognizing
the baseball player the ballplay right you think
that I am the greatest winger in
Colombia
of course I have always believed it he has
always been there in the first place
once and you made me very sad
but without resentment no no calm down
I already forgot  that you said that I was a
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ] and that I only grew because of my
friends
no but it's that I have the same without it
being without them I
know that's why we're going to invite
no
And how did it go in Spain
Ah Well then with the help of ibai we have to go
back to Spain he said
no it's true it's true no And how did it go
in Spain
very happy
when I'm here then with the help
of God or God's device ah no because
whatever with eBay I was already going and he puts on
one more crown now the one who was missing to get
hooked to him
since he was missing not to get hooked no
now they're telling me that I have to go
well I'm going to deal with a subject I'm
going to deal with one more subject and
and now we're leaving and it's that jh
has talked about screwing up the live shows leaks
eh with this vacation and long
weekends the live shows are fleeting let's go
[Music] he
needs a cleaner he was going to and he needs to make
some friends yes
jh in this live
Javi in ​​the USA was where they paid the best the
Streams right how much must they be paying in
Colombia to say that he's a millionaire It's
not that it's that the money there  I'm going into the
gym with my biceps hard Have a good
afternoon and enjoy the weekend with your families And
the news leaves you blowing kisses
blowing kisses Alejandro No, what I'm
probably going to do is
do another little live stream tonight or something or
tomorrow I'll do a longer one or something because
I've been cutting my live streams
very quickly these last few days luckily there's
the salsería and there You're going to try it all
okay
[Music]
jh has spoken out on the subject
of Dallas again announcing a video I
mean jh is preparing a video
and not only is he preparing a video
for Dallas but he also wanted to
speak out on the subject of Ari
Gameplays okay
let's see what he said I
informed myself I let myself get irritated because as a result
a lot of things started to be commented on I
was tired interested that day
I spoke angrily I admit that I shouldn't have done it I
should never have mentioned it but I
've done it it's done the important thing is
that I already know a little about how
this person who referred to me works
so the question is to ignore it like
My story I like how
the salsería is turning out expensive  blowing a
kiss I love that you love it I don't know what to
do because three thousand dollars is equivalent
to the minimum wage for a year in
Colombia already curious but let's see I'm
giving real data that in Colombia you
can see of course if I go to
Colombia no So with the change of
economy what is that called the standard of
living is different it's more expensive It's
cheaper in some places than in others I
mean for example you go with a thousand euros
a month to Colombia and maybe you're the
[ __ ] boss No and in Spain with a thousand euros a
month you're Let's go the neck no
but the money that he earns is that which
then in Colombia is worth a lot But
the money that he earns looking at the numbers I would
say that it's those three four thousand
dollars a month is worth
[Music]
the salt would be so the salseria is not
monetizing and I'm arguing with
YouTube and until a month passes there's no
way until a month passes there's no
way So I don't get married because
I'm making the videos there for
free and I don't know what to do because of course I
can't even put members on it or anything
because since it's not monetized you don't have
to put members on it or have  so that you
put super chat or anything I mean, don't get
married, the truth is, I think I'm clear. I'm not
going to stop her. I think that with the salsería
what needs to be done this month is to assume,
assume it with losses,
assume it with losses without gain.
Thanks Javi and to this
wonderful youth, face throwing a kiss, face
in love, I'm only preparing a
forceful response where I will make everything
clear and what it was was a
forceful response where it will be
made clear what it was. If I have to
respond to you because for me it comes and
goes, I have to respond to everything, it's a
blessing that the gallery to those who
wanted to see me destroyed, no, never,
nobody destroys me, nobody destroys me
because I am with God. Okay, guys.
Oh, the video for Camacho. Allow me. It
's blessings, my great friend Camacho from
Los Camachos. I
wish you the best. Jh de la Cruz greets you. I
am truly praying because a lot of
encouragement, encouragement,
and no, I know that dealing with many
people is not easy. I know that we
speak for myself, for you, and as much as we
dedicate ourselves to these networks, we put our
hearts into this regardless of the
criticism.  pointing out I support you from here I pray
for you you are a great friend I am
always grateful to you and to
all the people both in my
followers and all the
content creators who have been able to give me a hand
at the time Thank you Camacho cheer up I know it has
taken you a few days but people don't
like me with all due respect I don't
know the situation well I don't know your
mental capacity in strength but
people didn't like it people want to
see us throw in the towel no you know
that thank God You left for this
line of the networks and here in the networks there
will always be the most
good but the one who makes the decision to
receive or reject is you so let's move
forward and always see with God I
love you Camacho look Camacho we go down
yes it is possible I truly support you From the
heart I tell you not for fame because I
already have fame that is what I
want the least I am in a fool man
when I see someone of
this like with this fool of fame I
already have that that is what I want the least
if you don't want fame you
never upload anything on networks I mean you don't
start streaming if you don't want
fame  there
is no reason to do
String with the intention of being seen by
three people when you start
streaming what you're going to try is to be
seen by more and more people I
mean it's absurd No I want to
stream but I'm going to set the limit I'm going to
talk to Twitch that the moment I
have four viewers I'll quit
because I don't want to have more than four it
's not a role of false humility that I
see as completely unnecessary really
How so arigalmente Play spoke ill
of me God bless me God
bless me arigalme in Place God
bless you calm down ricarme in play that
I'm not a problem what he said I don't
know around here My followers tell me
God bless you I wish you the best
the story will be learned well okay it will be
learn the story well I mean to Dallas
Dallas is preparing a video by
giving it is preparing a video but to
Ari Gameplay she is a friend of Juan de Juan
del Comanche I mean in fact I think she is
Comanche's best friend you are not going to
dedicate a video to her or answer her
the same as Dallas
but problem zero stress arigame God
you  bless God bless you arigally It's okay don't worry
blessings to
everyone I am a friend of everyone here you
will not find that if someone talks
more about me I will not throw them away no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no
Remember that I am here to
represent the name of God
he answered and to the dala is also worth
water he answered when he laughed at his
crying and to the other to Dallas he also
dedicated some stories quite quite
angry And if anyone talks more
about me only me
and now blessings for everyone blessings
for everyone blessings for
everyone is how much I will go blessings
for all
the followers
influencer who call themselves Call
influencer who call themselves Call famous
are badly lost than their own
followers because they only talk
incoherent things they only talk things without
sense only many
influencers and many famous people who
think they are the best in this world Ah
only that day does not go with God they
approve you and confirm the sin but
calm down God will ask
each one of you an account God will tell each
one of them and what they did with that
influence That's why I have  a
responsibility
for that reason for me to have more than 1900
people here watching me is a great
responsibility but it is very sad to see
how sin and how evil has
taken over each one of us,
each one of us that instead of
teaching good things instead of speaking
things as they are for fear of not making
money because many influencers and
many celebrities for fear of not making
money and get clicks on this I need
clients to get things out of them and they don't
get clicks on them They only get clicks on the
clown and the nonsense that
supposedly for you are jokes
But when I refer
to the truth and to things as they are, I never
see viral things but to the nonsense that
is one Satan also puts people
in this
Satan also puts people on these
networks and it is the truth
Satan has his instruments so that
many of those who like sin
look at those people who commit sin and do not
seek God I
informed myself I
let myself get irritated because as a result of that
many began to comment on many things I
was tired and outlined that day I spoke
angrily I recognize that I should not
do it I do not have to go
Guys then what I do
at night I come back whatever okay
then what I do at night I come back
whatever
and if not we'll see each other tomorrow with more songs
okay a kiss family have a
nice Friday then we'll see each other and
remember that in an hour two
hours or so the video will be uploaded to the
salsería stay tuned stay
tuned
[Music]